Update instruction for using Tilt environment (#201)
metal3-io/cluster-api-provider-metal3: docs/dev-setup.md

|-- src/cluster-api (run `tilt up` here)
```

Checkout a stable CAPI release, for example:

```bash
git checkout release-0.3
```

Install kustomize from within the cluster-api repo

```bash
make kustomize

# verify installation
./hack/tools/bin/kustomize version
```

If the above installation does not work, install kustomize using a package manager and move the binary to ```hack/tools/bin/kustomize``` in the cluster-api repo.

After configuring the environment variables, run the following to generate your
`tilt-settings.json` file in the cluster API repository:

```shell
cat <<EOF > tilt-settings.json
{
    "allowed_contexts": ["kind-capm3"],

>     "default_registry": "gcr.io/cluster-api-provider",

Reviewer: Why is this needed @Xenwar ?

Author: the command that uses tis configuration file requires it. It was needed before

|-- src/cluster-api (run `tilt up` here)
```

Checkout a stable CAPI release, for example:

```bash
git checkout release-0.3
```

Install kustomize

> ```bash
> cluster-api$ make kustomize
> hack/ensure-kustomize.sh
> fetching kustomize@3.9.1

Reviewer 2: Nit: maybe ?
```suggestion
```bash
pushd cluster-api
make kustomize
hack/ensure-kustomize.sh
```

Author: There was a mix up of the commands and their output. 
removed the outputs

cluster-api$ ./hack/tools/bin/kustomize version
{Version:kustomize/v3.9.1 GitCommit:7439f1809e5ccd4677ed52be7f98f2ad75122a93 BuildDate:2020-12-29T19:25:35Z GoOs:linux GoArch:amd64}
```

> If the abov installation does not work, install kustomize using a package manager and move the binary to ```hack/tools/bin/kustomize version``` in the cluster-api repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the above installation does not work, install kustomize using a package manager and move the binary to ```hack/tools/bin/kustomize version``` in the cluster-api repo.
```

Author: fixed

> If the abov installation does not work, install kustomize using a package manager and move the binary to ```hack/tools/bin/kustomize version``` in the cluster-api repo.

Reviewer 3: The path to move the binary seems to be incorrect to me. Do we need `version`?

Author: fixed
